[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
No. It can't be.
[MERCHANT 04A] Step right
up and feast your eyes.
Forget about the
final battle with White!
If ya wanna stay
alive afterwards,
you're gonna need to eat.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
The "final battle." So then‐‐
Hey there. What
can I offer ya? Wait.
Shouldn't you be with
the army right now?
First I find out that
they left Lady Groza behind,
and now I learn that
they did the same to you.
But why? You turn
against the king or what?
Uh, no. It's nothing like that.
Well, then again...
That isn't exactly reassuring!
Oh, but, uh...
if Your Highness
does take the throne,
do me a favor and
lower taxes, okay?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS chuckles]
I'll keep it in mind.
[GIRL 11A]
Hi, Your Highness!
Nice to meet you!
Hi. Same to you.
[BOY 11A]
Hey. Are we gonna win the war?
[GIRL 11A]
Mom was telling us about it!
She said that kingdom makes
it hard to dry laundry!
I bet she'd love
to see it go away.
[BOY 11A]
Make sure we win, okay?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Yeah. I'm sure that we will.
[DARKNESS SOLDIER 11A]
Your Highness!
May I have a moment
of your time, please?
These soldiers
are kind of scary.
Want a piece of me?
[DARKNESS SOLDIER 11A]
I do not.
My business is
with His Highness.
Now then, would
you accompany me?
For what reason?
[DARKNESS SOLDIER 11A]
I'm to bring you to the castle.
That's all I know.
Why are the king's
soldiers acting so menacing?
I couldn't say. Sorry kids.
I need to go with them.
[BOTH]
Aw...
[MERCHANT 04A]
Take care.
Thank you. Let's go.
[DARKNESS SOLDIER 11A]
Forgive me, my prince.
Now! Take His Highness away!
Is he gonna be okay?
[GROZA gasps]
[PHIOUS]
Theo,
it's possible that our
next battle with Darkness
could engulf the whole kingdom.
If that should happen, then‐‐
I'll run!
Run where?
[THEO]
To the sea.
How exactly?
[THEO] I know it's far,
but I'll use magic.
Let's save that
for a last resort.
I would rather you
just hide somewhere safe.
[THEO grunts] Hide somewhere
safe? And where's that gonna be?
[PHIOUS, SHEAMA gasp]
[THEO] Just kidding. Don't
worry about me. I'll be fine.
You're a good kid.
If the fight goes bad,
then you'd better
run away, too, okay?
I'll fight until
the enemy flees.
Yeah, but, Phious,
if they do the same thing,
you'll be fighting forever.
When the battle's
lost, just run.
You keep getting smarter.
[THEO]
Sorry. It'll be fine.
Our kingdom will win,
right? How could we not?
We're strong because we have
Queen Iris: the White Priestess.
[PHIOUS]
Yes. So have faith.
As long as we believe in her,
our kingdom will never lose!
‐‐[SHEAMA] Right.
‐‐[THEO] Mm!
[PHIOUS]
I believe in you, Iris.
And I swear
that as long as I have even
a spark of life left in me,
I'll protect you.
Wait for me, please.
I swear I will help you
bring peace to this world.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
You have my word.
A promise.
[IRIS]
Black and white.
Darkness and light.
Earth and sky.
Though we may be apart,
we'll still support each other.
[IRIS grunts]
[IRIS]
O Progenitor Rune!
Bestow your power on
all the people of White!
Help us drive back the darkness.
Lend us your light!
[PHIOUS]
This is the end. Let's go!
[KNIGHTS yelling]
Think it's starting.
Phious, Sheama, good luck!
Now! Fire!
[KNIGHTS yell]
Good work, Sheama!
Let's do our kingdom proud.
[PHIOUS] Break their spirits!
Then run them down!
[KNIGHTS yelling]
[IRIS gasps]
It's him. The king.
Good! If this keeps up‐‐ [gasps]
[SHEAMA, MAGES gasp]
[snarls]
There are too many.
We can't stop them all!
[grunts]
First Company, with me.
We'll defend the second gate.
The rest of you stay and stop
as many monsters as you can.
[KNIGHTS grunting]
We'll form a line
in front of the gate!
Retreat is not an option!
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Things have grown rather lively
down beneath us.
Can you really
afford to be flitting
through the sky as
your kingdom is overrun?
Speak, Queen of Light.
We alone will determine
the outcome of this battle.
I am right where my
people need me to be.
This is where our world's
fate will be decided.
[KING OF DARKNESS] True.
Our contest is all that matters.
The rest of this
strife is mere pretense.
Each extreme of the balance
is embodied by a single being.
I am darkness.
You are light.
Right.
[IRIS]
Now, let's settle this.
[CITIZENS yelling]
[KNIGHT 11B]
Get inside the palace!
Hurry! The enemy's almost here!
[gasps]
[KNIGHT 11B]
You all right?
Uh, yeah.
Thank you for helping us, sir.
‐‐[KNIGHT 11B] Keep running.
‐‐[MOTHER 11A] 'Kay.
[KNIGHT 11C]
Damn the forces of darkness.
They're on a rampage.
Our holy continent's
been overrun.
[KNIGHT 11B] Well, if we
can protect the palace‐‐
[KNIGHT 11B groans]
[KNIGHT 11C]
Hey! What's wrong?
Are you okay?
[KNIGHT 11B growls]
[WOMAN 11A gasps]
[KNIGHT 11C yells]
[KNIGHT 11C]
Were you hurt?
No, but he‐‐
[KNIGHT 11C]
We'll protect you, I swear it.
Now, please,
hurry to the palace!
Uh, right!
[gasps]
That was a close call.
What kind of monster was that?
If I was any taller,
it would've gotten me!
C'mon. Everyone
else is fighting.
It's sink or swim.
Young as I am,
I can still help!
[yells]
[gasps]
I actually managed to get it.
[MAGE 11A groans]
[KNIGHT 11D] Do we have no
choice but to kill them?
[grunts]
[SHEAMA] Mage Force,
Linked incantation!
[MAGES]
Ma'am!
Become manifest!
One of the seven great powers:
Scythe of Destruction!
Cut them down!
[DARK SOLDIERS, MAGE 11A groan]
We need to buy time. Help me
erect a ward around the knights!
[MAGES]
Ma'am!
Become manifest!
One of the seven great powers:
Cage of Affection.
Turn back the darkness!
[PHIOUS grunts]
Damn, so many.
[exhales]
We hold them here.
Not one more step back.
We fight for the queen.
And in the queen's name,
we will prevail!
[KNIGHTS shout]
[VALLUS] You certainly
don't lack enthusiasm.
[PHIOUS]
And you are?
[VALLUS]
The dark knight, Vallus.
I think you might
be a worthy opponent.
May I request a bout?
[PHIOUS]
Heh.
I doubt you'll be so eager to
duel once you know who I am.
I am Phious, commander
of the Knights of Light.
I am the queen's shield
and also her sword.
And I will never let you pass!
Hah. Well said.
But if you actually want me
to remember that name,
you'll need to make an
impression with your sword!
If you insist!
Blaze of Darkness! Rise up
and burn through the light.
[yells]
[PHIOUS grunts]
[KING OF DARKNESS]
I can't recall
how many times we've fought.
Do you think you can best me?
I can surely say
I've done it before.
Every time we fight,
you retreat!
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Don't be so shortsighted.
I am not like light
which thins as it spreads
till at last it disappears.
I am darkness.
And darkness is ever‐expanding.
Don't you understand?
It's inevitable that my power
should grow as yours fades.
[IRIS]
Is that so?
[KING OF DARKNESS] Yes.
My predecessors were constrained
by the system of succession.
But I reject it.
I shall defy the cycle
and become the one and
only King of Darkness.
My power shall wax
for all eternity.
My kingdom shall conquer every
light. Snuff out every star.
All will fade to black!
An eternal darkness?
[IRIS]
I won't allow it!
You've rebelled against the
founding laws of this world,
and for that, I'll destroy you!
The Cage of Affection!
There's too much darkness.
We can't hold it back!
[MAGES groan]
Uh‐‐
[MAGE 11C gasps]
[KNIGHT 11E groans]
[MAGE 11C]
No. What do we do?
We keep fighting.
Become manifest!
One of the seven great
powers: Flow of Light!
Bathe them in light!
[GROUP gasps]
Wow. You saved
them, Lady Sheama!
[SHEAMA gasps]
There's no way.
[SHEAMA]
No. Why? I can't dispel it!
Progenitor Rune, please!
This is our hour of need!
If you won't give us your power
now, then what hope do we have?
[grunts]
Every swing of your sword
is laughably predictable.
Then why haven't you won?
Perhaps you're just that weak!
Where does your power come from?
[PHIOUS]
My faith in the queen I serve!
[VALLUS]
Then just like her...
...you'll soon be defeated.
And why's that?
[VALLUS]
Devotion to an individual
is like a heat‐induced mirage.
Once shaken,
it's easily dispelled.
[PHIOUS]
That's a difference of opinion.
Blind subservience to a title
invites your master's ruin.
I'm not loyal to a throne,
but to a person I believe in.
And so my feelings
give me strength!
[VALLUS]
Hmm. There's a term for this:
Self‐indulgent drivel!
What did you say?!
[VALLUS] I'm saying
that it's apparent now
what makes your people so weak.
You have fertile lands,
peace loving citizens,
a benevolent sovereign,
and the finest
of armaments, too.
[VALLUS]
And yet you'll fall.
Why? Because it made you soft!
[PHIOUS grunts]
I will remember you, Phious,
for your weakness,
your vainglorious folly,
and for the fact
that your strength
was never tempered by pain!
[PHIOUS grunts]
You boast of your misfortune?!
[yells]
Hallowed words,
become keys to
the power of light
and unleash the might
of the Primordial Rune!
Calida, Lux, Puram, Lucem!
[KING OF DARKNESS]
This is futile.
Boast all you want.
With the strength of the rune,
I can erase you from this world!
[KING OF DARKNESS] You're
monopolizing the rune's power.
Do you know what that
means for your people?
Without the rune's
light to protect them
they'll be enslaved
by my shadows
or butchered by my thralls.
[IRIS]
I won't fall for your goading.
If the balance
remains disturbed,
that will happen
eventually anyway!
If it means slaying you,
I will sacrifice
everything I have.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Including your people.
We're more alike than I thought.
[grunts] I am nothing like you!
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Oh, but you are.
[IRIS]
No!
[KING OF DARKNESS]
You will be hated.
[IRIS] That may be true,
but I don't care!
[IRIS] I will do what it
takes to restore the balance.
It's the only way
to preserve the future!
[KING OF DARKNESS]
How naive.
You would balance the scales
whereas I would overturn them.
It's obvious who will succeed.
[IRIS]
Still...
...I'll fight!
[KING OF DARKNESS grunts]
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Bahl also accused me of boasting
and now burns in my prison.
Those who attempt
the impossible fail.
It's time you learned!
This is the way of the world!
[IRIS groans]
Um, what should we do?
Become manifest.
One of the seven great powers:
Light of Affection.
Heal our wounded comrades.
[SHEAMA grunts]
Why go dark? Why now?
Why has the rune
abandoned us? Why?!
[SHEAMA] Your light was supposed
to be infinite, right?!
If it's not, then
what good are you?!
Just shine, you stupid rock!
[MAGE 02A]
It's hopeless.
Not yet. Keep up the fight.
We are not helpless.
We won't quit.
So what if our
magic isn't working?
We still have our fists, right?
Well spoken.
Iris, you're here!
I heard what you shouted.
You're quite a leader.
I'd expect no less.
Hold on. What about the rune?
It's light faded.
Remember your lessons.
Think. There's still a chance.
Right. One of the seven
powers can still help.
We'll use the gears of fate.
[IRIS] We must give it all
the strength we have left.
Form up, mages. One last spell.
[MAGES]
Ma'am.
[SHEAMA]
We're all that's left.
Concentrate, Iris!
We can't divide our focus.
[IRIS]
Right.
One of the seven great powers:
The mighty Gears of Fate.
I beseech you to change
your machinations.
Show me the path to the truth
that I'm destined to know!
[gasps]
[SHEAMA] I don't get it.
Did anything actually change?
[SHEAMA] Is there really
no way out of this?
[IRIS]
Our promise.
[SHEAMA]
Hey, Iris.
Talk to me, Iris.
[KING OF DARKNESS cackles]
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Thought you'd twist fate?
A wasted effort.
The history I've plotted runs
too deep to be uprooted now.
No. That can't be.
I have no choice.
[gasps] Wait, is
there still a way?
Is there still something
you can do to fight back?
[IRIS]
Yes, but‐‐
[SHEAMA]
Then go.
[IRIS gasps]
[SHEAMA] There's no time
for second‐guessing.
Do your duty as our queen.
I'll sacrifice everything
I have, even my life!
Make it count.
[IRIS gasps]
Now hurry up and go!
[IRIS]
Sheama, thank you.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
It's unsightly
the way you struggle even now.
Accept your‐‐
You sure like to
hear yourself talk.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Hm. Intriguing.
[gasps]
[screaming]
[MAGES]
Lady Sheama!
[KING OF DARKNESS chuckles]
It seems I've given in
to one of my vices...
"Playfulness."
[KING OF DARKNESS cackles]
[IRIS]
Help me... Please.